# $FreeBSD: src/etc/mail/access.sample,v 1.3 2000/11/02 23:40:40 dirk Exp $
#
# Mail relay access control list.  Default is to reject mail unless the
# destination is local, or listed in /etc/mail/local-host-names
#
cyberspammer.com		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
FREE.STEALTH.MAILER@		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
another.source.of.spam		REJECT
okay.cyberspammer.com		OK
188.72.225.*                    REJECT
178.162.181.*                   REJECT
192.168.0.100			RELAY
192.168.0.195			RELAY
127.0.0.1			RELAY
62.244.3.197			RELAY
192.168.0.92			RELAY
192.168.0.13			RELAY
192.168.0.10			RELAY
earthlink.net			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
maratoriy.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
directimpressionsinc.com	550 We don't accept mail from spammers
all@nchadvisors.kiev.ua		REJECT
nch@nchadvisors.kiev.ua		REJECT
vera@nchadvisors.kiev.ua	REJECT
queenbonniered@yahoo.com	REJECT
biznesexpert.com		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
e-poshta.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
gts.lg.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
sms.mts.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
milo.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
mus.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
vynnyky.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
scool.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
sanik.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
pacanu.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
sorocan.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
keypee.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
ukrmail.org			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
topmail.org.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
top.lg.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
dape.info			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
mymail-in.net			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
utg.kiev.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
premier-international.net	550 We don't accept mail from spammers
ekat.ru				550 We don't accept mail from spammers
hinet.net			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
topgenerale.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
investopedia.com		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
scailer.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
ubr.ua				550 We don't accept mail from spammers
uol.ua				550 We don't accept mail from spammers
startua.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
ono.com				550 We don't accept mail from spammers
coattailinvestor.com		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
agritel.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
composit.ru			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
juno.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
eftps.gov			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
ehost.kiev.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
lequebecois.org			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
businessmonitor.com		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
execsense.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
asko-life.com.ua		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
jb-host.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
j-host.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
kouren.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
beckers.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
idntm.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
dentas.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
citypad.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
citym.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
ukrseed.kiev.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
uasity.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
newfriends4u.com		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
akka.kiev.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
zm-nation.com.ua		550 We don't accept mail from spammers
lircom.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
castun.com.ua			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
b21pubs.com			550 We don't accept mail from spammers
java-apk@i.kiev.ua              REJECT
julia_s@nchadvisors.kiev.ua	REJECT
foundation.com			REJECT
roy@foundation.com		REJECT
adm@speedy.com.ar		REJECT
mineteh.com.ua			REJECT
